[Music]
howdy this time I'm looking at Marvel
transformers green Hulk for similar
reasons to black costume spider-man I
won't be getting the grey version of
this toy the alt mode is appropriately a
tank but this is one of those cases
where it's a tank just because it has a
turret gun and some treads it's not
based on any existing moles that said
it's incredibly bulky and there's a ton
of armored mall detailing all over along
with some battle damage on the front the
gun is a bit too short compared to the
rest of the tank but it still looks very
threatening in general the color scheme
is fitting for both the Hulk and a tank
plus the grain that gob provides some
nice contrast as for mecha extras well
the whole way section can be seen from
the back so this is best viewed from the
front the tank roll
and the gun moves up and down but the
turret doesn't turn due to the
transformation the gun doesn't fire
anything for the same reason perhaps the
biggest problem with this tank is its
stability the turret doesn't peg on to
the body very solidly and the gun tends
to split apart as you move it up and
down see what I mean despite the
problems it causes I like the
transformation of this figure the treads
become arms and the turret becomes legs
with the gaud halves forming heel spurs
it's a unique conversion for a tank and
makes for a more interesting figure
overall
though the alt mode is okay the met mode
is where the figure really shines like
with the tank his proportions are
positively monstrous which suits the
character to a tee
also there are hardly any tank parts
that look out of place all the parts
mesh into the overall figure definitely
a plus the color layout matches the
character's appearance being mostly
green with bits of gold and dark gray
including the gray on his pants he still
got all that armored mole detail on him
but between the vents on his chest and
this head sculpt he has a sort of
Frankenstein's monster vibe to him
articulation is pretty good for the most
part even house poseable thumbs a few of
the joints are ratcheted and his heel
spurs are quite big so he's pretty
stable at least unfortunately proper
waist movement is sacrificed for
ischemic you position an arm like so
pull it back and you get a very weak
punch this gimmick will actually work
from either direction but it isn't too
effective unless you push the arm back
as far as you can or you just wiggle the
figure about like so
I think the ladder will become an
addiction for some finally I said the
met looks fairly clean all around but
these panels don't peg in very securely
and these panels don't peg into anything
at all other than that this is a cool
looking mech he has his flaws but I
think I can safely suggest that if you
only pick up one Marvel crossover make
it the green Hulk next I'm reviewing
revenge of a fallen depth charge until
the water
[Music]